Revise "outer_extension" (postponed until after -08) (#293)
tlswg/draft-ietf-tls-esni: draft-ietf-tls-esni.md

## Incorporating Outer Extensions {#outer-extensions}

When constructing the ClientHelloInner, it is often desirable for the client to
copy extensions from the ClientHelloOuter. (An example is the "key_share"
extension ({{RFC8446}}, 4.2.8), which the client would offer regardless of
whether the client-facing server or the backend server terminates the
connection.) This behavior is permissible, subject to specific restrictions
described in {{client-behavior}}.

This section specifies a mechanism for incorporating extensions from the
ClientHelloOuter into the ClientHelloInner without needing to a transmit a copy
of them. It defines two extension code points for this purpose:

~~~
    enum {
       outer_extension(0xff04),
       outer_extension_binder(0xff05), (65535)
    } ExtensionType;
~~~

These extensions differ from traditional ones in two important respects. First,

> the client and servery MAY NOT offer these extensions in any handshake message;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the client and server MUST NOT offer these extensions in any handshake message;
```

"MAY NOT" is not an acceptable form.

Author: Done.

they will only ever appear in the ClientHelloInner. Second, there may be
multiple extensions of type "outer_extensions" in the ClientHelloInner.

The payload of an "outer_extension" is an ExtensionType. The payload of an
"outer_extension_binder" extension has the following structure:

~~~
    struct {
       opaque inner_digest<0..2^16-1>;
    } InnerDigest;
~~~

### Client Behavior {#outer-extensions-client-behavior}

Let `Extract`, `Expand`, and `Nh` be as defined by the API in
{{!I-D.irtf-cfrg-hpke}} for the KDF selected by the client as described in
{{client-behavior}}. After computing the ClientHelloInner, including any PSK
binders, The client MAY compress its ClientHelloInner with the following
procedure:

1. For each inner extension `ext`, if `ext.extension_type` is the type of some
   outer extension, then the client MAY replace `ext` with an extension of type
   "outer_extension" and with payload `ext.extension_type`.
1. If an extension was replaced in the previous step, then the client MUST
   append an extension of type "outer_extension_binder" to the inner extensions.

>    The payload is set to `inner_digeest = Expand(Extract("", inner),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The payload is set to `inner_digest = Expand(Extract("", inner),
```

Author: Done.
